# Project meeting notes Wednesday 21-12-2016

Present: Alex, Matthijs, Yin, Stephan, Thomas (TA)

1. The meeting is opened at 15:10
2. Nothing to say about last meeting
3. Demo
    1. Minor fixes needed to styling
    2. Formula is already detailed enough
    3. Maximize code reuse
4. Checkstyle can be changed (the unimportant things)
5. Sprint plan
    1. Small things unfinished
    2. Most is 50% done
6. Make a new sprint plan for the next demo

Thomas leaves the room

7. Overview of not working features
    1. Change team
        1. 2nd driver
        2. engine
        3. strategist
        4. aerodynamicist
        5. mechanic
    2. Championship standings
        1. frontend
        2. backend
    3. Update data after race
    4. Saving and loading game data (save files)
        1. implement load screen
        2. implement new game option
    5. styling 
        1. update properties
        2. fix struggles with sizes
        3. your results after the race
    6. Get team from one of the team members
    7. End of championship
    8. extra's
        1. Music
        2. background animation
    9. implement new team from scratch screen

